whoa - Ariel - Ariel the city where
whoa - Ariel - Ariel the city where David dwelt ad year-to-year
David dwelt ad year-to-year
David dwelt ad year-to-year let feasts come around yet I will
let feasts come around yet I will
let feasts come around yet I will distress Ariel there shall be heaviness
distress Ariel there shall be heaviness
distress Ariel there shall be heaviness and sorrow and it shall be to me as
and sorrow and it shall be to me as
and sorrow and it shall be to me as Ariel I will in camp against you all
Ariel I will in camp against you all
Ariel I will in camp against you all around I will lay siege against you with
around I will lay siege against you with
around I will lay siege against you with a mound and I will raise siege works
a mound and I will raise siege works
a mound and I will raise siege works against you you shall be brought down
against you you shall be brought down
against you you shall be brought down you shall speak out of the ground your
you shall speak out of the ground your
you shall speak out of the ground your speech shall be low out of the dust your
speech shall be low out of the dust your
speech shall be low out of the dust your voice shall be like a mediums out of the
voice shall be like a mediums out of the
voice shall be like a mediums out of the ground and your speech shall whisper out
ground and your speech shall whisper out
ground and your speech shall whisper out of the dust
of the dust
of the dust moreover the multitude of your foes
moreover the multitude of your foes
moreover the multitude of your foes shall be like fine dust and the
shall be like fine dust and the
shall be like fine dust and the multitude of the terrible ones like
multitude of the terrible ones like
multitude of the terrible ones like chaff that passes away yes it shall be
chaff that passes away yes it shall be
chaff that passes away yes it shall be in an instant suddenly you will be
in an instant suddenly you will be
in an instant suddenly you will be punished by the Lord of Hosts with
punished by the Lord of Hosts with
punished by the Lord of Hosts with thunder and earthquake and great noise
thunder and earthquake and great noise
thunder and earthquake and great noise with storm and tempest and the flame of
with storm and tempest and the flame of
with storm and tempest and the flame of devouring fire the multitude of all the
devouring fire the multitude of all the
devouring fire the multitude of all the nations who fight against Ariel even all
nations who fight against Ariel even all
nations who fight against Ariel even all who fight against her and her fortress
who fight against her and her fortress
who fight against her and her fortress and distress her shall be as a dream of
and distress her shall be as a dream of
and distress her shall be as a dream of a night vision it shall even be as when
a night vision it shall even be as when
a night vision it shall even be as when a hungry man dreams and look he eats but
a hungry man dreams and look he eats but
a hungry man dreams and look he eats but he awakes and his soul is still empty or
he awakes and his soul is still empty or
he awakes and his soul is still empty or as when a thirsty man dreams and look he
as when a thirsty man dreams and look he
as when a thirsty man dreams and look he drinks but he awakes and indeed he is
drinks but he awakes and indeed he is
drinks but he awakes and indeed he is faint and his soul still craves so the
faint and his soul still craves so the
faint and his soul still craves so the multitude of all the nations shall be
multitude of all the nations shall be
multitude of all the nations shall be who fight against Mount Zion pause and
who fight against Mount Zion pause and
who fight against Mount Zion pause and wonder blind yourselves and be blind
wonder blind yourselves and be blind
wonder blind yourselves and be blind they are drunk but not with wine they
they are drunk but not with wine they
they are drunk but not with wine they stagger but not with intoxicating drink
stagger but not with intoxicating drink
stagger but not with intoxicating drink for the Lord has poured out on you the
for the Lord has poured out on you the
for the Lord has poured out on you the spirit of deep sleep and has closed your
spirit of deep sleep and has closed your
spirit of deep sleep and has closed your eyes namely the
eyes namely the
eyes namely the Fitz and he has covered your heads
Fitz and he has covered your heads
Fitz and he has covered your heads namely the Sears the whole vision has
namely the Sears the whole vision has
namely the Sears the whole vision has become to you like the words of a book
become to you like the words of a book
become to you like the words of a book that is sealed which men delivered to
that is sealed which men delivered to
that is sealed which men delivered to one who is literate saying read this
one who is literate saying read this
one who is literate saying read this please and he says I cannot for it is
please and he says I cannot for it is
please and he says I cannot for it is seal then the book is delivered to one
seal then the book is delivered to one
seal then the book is delivered to one who is illiterate saying read this
who is illiterate saying read this
who is illiterate saying read this please and he says I am not literate
please and he says I am not literate
please and he says I am not literate therefore the Lord said in as much as
therefore the Lord said in as much as
therefore the Lord said in as much as these people draw near with their mouths
these people draw near with their mouths
these people draw near with their mouths and honor me with their lips but have
and honor me with their lips but have
and honor me with their lips but have removed their hearts far from me and
removed their hearts far from me and
removed their hearts far from me and their fear toward me is taught by the
their fear toward me is taught by the
their fear toward me is taught by the commandment of men therefore behold I
commandment of men therefore behold I
commandment of men therefore behold I will again do a marvelous work among
will again do a marvelous work among
will again do a marvelous work among this people a marvelous work and a
this people a marvelous work and a
this people a marvelous work and a wonder for the wisdom of their wise men
wonder for the wisdom of their wise men
wonder for the wisdom of their wise men shall perish and the understanding of
shall perish and the understanding of
shall perish and the understanding of their prudent men shall be hidden
their prudent men shall be hidden
their prudent men shall be hidden woe to those who seek deep to hide their
woe to those who seek deep to hide their
woe to those who seek deep to hide their counsel far from the Lord and their
counsel far from the Lord and their
counsel far from the Lord and their works are in the dark
works are in the dark
works are in the dark they say who sees us and who knows us
they say who sees us and who knows us
they say who sees us and who knows us surely you have things turned around
surely you have things turned around
surely you have things turned around shall the potter be esteemed as the clay
shall the potter be esteemed as the clay
shall the potter be esteemed as the clay for shall the thing maid say of him who
for shall the thing maid say of him who
for shall the thing maid say of him who made it he did not make me or shall the
made it he did not make me or shall the
made it he did not make me or shall the thing formed say of him who formed it he
thing formed say of him who formed it he
thing formed say of him who formed it he has no understanding is it not yet a
has no understanding is it not yet a
has no understanding is it not yet a very little while till Lebanon shall be
very little while till Lebanon shall be
very little while till Lebanon shall be turned into a fruitful field and the
turned into a fruitful field and the
turned into a fruitful field and the fruitful field be esteemed as a forest
fruitful field be esteemed as a forest
fruitful field be esteemed as a forest in that day the Deaf shall hear the
in that day the Deaf shall hear the
in that day the Deaf shall hear the words of the book and the eyes of the
words of the book and the eyes of the
words of the book and the eyes of the blind shall see out of obscurity and out
blind shall see out of obscurity and out
blind shall see out of obscurity and out of darkness the humble also shall
of darkness the humble also shall
of darkness the humble also shall increase their joy in the Lord and the
increase their joy in the Lord and the
increase their joy in the Lord and the poor among men shall rejoice in the Holy
poor among men shall rejoice in the Holy
poor among men shall rejoice in the Holy One of Israel for the terrible one is
One of Israel for the terrible one is
One of Israel for the terrible one is brought to nothing the scornful one is
brought to nothing the scornful one is
brought to nothing the scornful one is consumed and all who watch for iniquity
consumed and all who watch for iniquity
consumed and all who watch for iniquity are cut off who make a man an offender
are cut off who make a man an offender
are cut off who make a man an offender by a word and lay a snare for him who
by a word and lay a snare for him who
by a word and lay a snare for him who reproves in the gate and turn aside the
reproves in the gate and turn aside the
reproves in the gate and turn aside the just by empty words therefore thus says
just by empty words therefore thus says
just by empty words therefore thus says the Lord who redeemed Abraham concerning
the Lord who redeemed Abraham concerning
the Lord who redeemed Abraham concerning the house of Jacob Jacob shall not now
the house of Jacob Jacob shall not now
the house of Jacob Jacob shall not now be ashamed nor shall his face now grow
be ashamed nor shall his face now grow
be ashamed nor shall his face now grow pale but when he sees his children the
pale but when he sees his children the
pale but when he sees his children the work of my animals in his midst they
work of my animals in his midst they
work of my animals in his midst they will hallow my name
will hallow my name
will hallow my name and hallow the Holy One of Jacob and
and hallow the Holy One of Jacob and
and hallow the Holy One of Jacob and fear the God of Israel these also who
fear the God of Israel these also who
fear the God of Israel these also who erred in spirit will come to
erred in spirit will come to
erred in spirit will come to understanding
understanding
understanding and those who complained will learn
and those who complained will learn
and those who complained will learn doctrine